Part 1a: Site Structure  and Navigation.


Introduction
The team creating this website consists of three members.Darren Skerrett x00121561, Leon Walker O brien x00126692 and  Audrius Trilikauskas x00122079. We have decided to make a website giving information, pictures,history and updates on Mixed Martial Arts more specifically the UFC .




Our Plan and Audience 
The target audience for the website will be mainly fans of mixed martial arts. The users will want to be able to view the details and information about their favorite  fighters and they will  want to know  about the upcoming UFC events , the location and the fighters fighting in these events.The information on the website should be clear to read and it must be easy to navigate. The website will display accurate facts on the fighters , recent photos , fighter rankings in each weight division and upcoming news. Each page on the website will have multiple links that will be accessed by clicking on pictures.The main colour scheme we will  be using on the website will be black and white. This  is because the official UFC logo is white letters on a black background. This will make the audience familiar with the website straight away. 




Layout and Design
We laid out website to be as simple as possible we have all available links at the top of the page and a drop down menu for mobile devices. We made each page unique and interesting keeping our page design consistent throughout.We have a register page and a store page that will require server functionality.The design allows each page to be accessible no matter what page you're on. 
The images used in the site are all from historical moments from the sports history. We kept a strong black, white and red page  consistent with the sport.The navigation through testing has been quick and super easy to use. We also made our website be responsive to different window sizes. It automatically fits to the size of the window and everything is displayed clearly.




Moving to the virtual machine
Moving the site to the virtual machine caused some issue including loss of some images  and the mobile drop down menu has stopped working. We will continue to correct these problems moving forward into part two. 


Contribution
The team worked extremely closely throughout the design and creation of this website  and aided  each other through each and every step. Each team member decided on what kind of design and page layout each page should have and we put all our ideas together in creating each page.
 










Websites structure




Part 2 : Functionality.
After moving the website to the Play Framework we updated some of the pages. The store page will display a table of UFC products such as gloves and clothing which can be altered by clicking on an edit button. New products can be added into the database and products can be deleted and updated. The table displays the name of the product,id number,price and the type.The membership page allows the user to log in using a username,email and a password. After logging in the user can edit the products on the store page. The user can  also log out on the membership page after he is finished. When the user tries to add a new product he clicks on the ‘add new’ button on the membership page and is brought to another page where he has to insert the details of the product .After he is done he is brought back to the store page and the product he has created  will be there. To delete a product the user clicks on a button next to the product. Any product can be updated and any value can be changed. 

Evaluation
Moving the website to the Play Framework caused a few problems. At first there was problems with the links and the backgrounds but after a while we got it fixed.The website had a lot of symbols in it and after moving it they disappeared.There was also a problem with a couple of images disappearing in the gallery and on the divisions page. Another problem we encountered was that the image carousel stopped working properly on the gallery page. 






Darren Skerrett          X00121561
Leon Walker O’Brien X00126692
Audrius Trilikauskas   X00122079
